Alert people to the drop in support for UmbracoPath configuration in V10 (#5111)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 11/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/setup/upgrading/version-specific/README.md

This setting has been superseded by `DistributedLockingWriteLockDefaultTimeout`.

#### GlobalSetting UmbracoPath cannot be configured

> It is no longer possible to rename the /Umbraco folder path by configuration, the property still exists but is hardcoded to /Umbraco and will be removed in V12.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is no longer possible to rename the `/Umbraco` folder path using configuration. The property still exists but is hardcoded to `/Umbraco` and will be removed in Umbraco 12, planned for release in June 2023.    
```
